README.md, before:

# Minecraft Login Client

A Python script to fully log into Minecraft servers (version 1.20.4) and maintain connection.

## Features

- Complete server login (not just simulation)
- Server status ping
- Protocol version 765 (Minecraft 1.20.4)
- Offline UUID generation
- Configuration phase handling
- Play phase with keep-alive responses
- Player visible on server
- Graceful disconnect with Ctrl+C

## Usage

```bash
python minecraft_login.py
```

The script will prompt for:
- Server host (default: localhost)
- Server port (default: 25565)  
- Username (default: TestPlayer)

The client will:
1. Ping the server for status
2. Complete the full login process
3. Enter play phase and become visible
4. Respond to keep-alive packets
5. Stay connected until Ctrl+C

## Requirements

- Python 3.6+
- Offline mode Minecraft server (1.20.4)

## Note

This client is designed for offline mode servers. It will handle the complete login flow including configuration and play phases, making the player visible on the server.

Commit message:

feat: 重构项目
- 将项目改为 TypeScript
- 实现基于任务队列的并发控制
- 使用 Mineflayer 实现 Minecraft bot 登录
- 移除旧的 HTML、CSS 和 JavaScript 文件
- 更新 README 文档

README.md, after:

# Minecraft Bot Batch Login (TypeScript)

This project provides a script to batch login multiple Minecraft bots using Mineflayer, written in TypeScript.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js
- A Minecraft server that supports offline mode authentication.

## Setup

1.  **Install Dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

2.  **Configure User List:**
    Create a `userlist.txt` file in the root directory and add the usernames of the bots, one per line.

3.  **Configure Bot Settings:**
    Open `src/minecraft_bot.ts` and adjust the server `host` and `port` as needed.

## Usage

To start the batch login process, run the following command:

```bash
npm start
```

This will compile the TypeScript code and run the bot. The script will read the usernames from `userlist.txt` and attempt to log in each bot sequentially. The status of each bot will be printed to the console.

## Development

To run the bot in development mode without compiling, you can use:

```bash
npm start
```

To compile the TypeScript code manually, run:
```bash
npm run build
